hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here so 1 plus recently launched
their new McLaren edition of the oneplus
60 and it costs $70 more than your
regular kind of equivalently specs 1
plus 60 for that $70 you get 3 main
features one a completely different
aesthetic is the same foam but it looks
a lot better in my opinion than the
regular ones it comes in a new box comes
with some fancy stuff but the phone
itself has this carbon fiber finish and
an orange accent color on the bottom and
it looks nice but also has two main
hardware features so it has 10 gigs of
RAM instead of your standard 8 gigs and
it also has this new charging system so
the 10 gigs of ram is cool but I could
be honest I feel like 10 gigs of RAM on
any phone is superfluous at the very
best but the charging system was
something I was interested in so I
tested it out so this charging system is
called warp charge and it pumps up to 30
watts into your phone so the traditional
kind of 1 plus 6 or 1 plus 60 charging
system the well they used to call the
dash charge it's called fast charge now
this pumps 20 watts at peak into this
phone 30 watts comes from the warp
charger and it comes in this bright
orange color oneplus claims that the
warp charger can fill up the McLaren
Edition phone to up to 50% in 20 minutes
so I tested it several times truth is I
never got 50% not even once in the
several 20 minute trials ahead but it
got close the closest I got was 48% but
this is the charging graph so at first
when you charged both of these phones
the regular one plus 60 with the regular
20 watt fast charger or - charger
charges noticeably slower than the 30
watt warped charger but by the time it's
like 50 maybe 60 percent full the speed
is reduced on the warp charger it's
still fast but it's just not as fast as
it is when you first start charging the
device it could be a thermal thing but I
feel like the benefits of the Warped
charger are more noticeable if you're
just filling up from 0 to like 50 or 60
anything beyond that it's cool but it's
not as substantial as I thought it would
be and just out of curiosity I switched
the phone so I used the warp charger to
charge the regular one plus 60 and I
used the - charger or the fast charger
to charge the Maclaren edition phone and
surprisingly the warp charger does juice
up the regular 1 + 60 a little bit
faster but it's not like a huge day
either I would say though that this is
it's like is this worth 70 bucks I feel
like for most people it isn't like if
you're looking at a 1 plus phone you're
probably someone who appreciates value
not that this is like a bad value or
anything like that but this like the
value proposition of what you're getting
here isn't huge right like unless you're
a huge fan of McLaren or you love the
color orange or you love this little
plaque thing I just realized you can
remove this like you can take this out
there's a little piece of carbon fiber
in here it's like a little it's like the
McLaren logo prints I don't you know
what let's remove it I'm getting a
screwdriver oh yeah
comes apart real easily but like I was
saying value wise it's a cool-looking
product but for 70 bucks that's like a
big percentage of the actual value of
the product so I would say for most
people it's not worth it but it does
look cool now I think more interestingly
I think in the future oneplus phones
will probably include the warp charger
and that sounds cool like I hope they
don't use this as a as a way to like
justify their upcoming increase in price
for all their future phones but slightly
faster charging times is good for
everybody
I might have to edit this but I don't
feel like this video is very long
anyways thanks for watching okay it is
it's glued in
it actually looks like it's real carbon
fiber though okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video
sir this was so disappointing see you
guys next time thumbs we liked hit subs
you loved it
[Music]